Let's hear for Babes, everybody.
Babes!
The Springhouse Spencer Crittin' in everybody's home in town is now in session.
Keep it going, Babes.
Keep rockin'!
Yeah!
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you!
I like it.
Thanks, Babes.
Babes Band?
Babes.
Babes?
Babes Band is your Twitter handle because you're not 70 years old.
So Babes was taken when you started your Twitter account.
Somebody probably got on the ground floor at Babes.
Are you starting the show as Ed 209 tonight?
Is it not?
Oh.
You couldn't hear that?
No, I can't.
To me, my voice sounds normal this time.
Listen for it.
Alright, let's get started.
So it's unorthodox.
Where Spencer normally dwells, we have a band of four people.
Yeah, I noticed that too.
And now...
Spencer is now sitting over here in kind of Kumail Nanjiani territory.
Yeah, I feel like I get where he was coming from now, sitting on this side of the stage.
I just feel like I'm together and we gotta, you know, talk to Dan over here.
But it's great, I mean, he definitely rose to beyond Kumail or even Harmon status in New York.
Like, for those of you who heard the New York show, Spencer did a great job.
We were Jeffalus and Spencer stepped up.
Thank you.
Good job.
Yeah, and then we elected a Nazi.
I don't know if that was gonna come up tonight.
I was out of town.
What happened?
It was a squeaker.
I kept saying the media was gonna make it seem like a squeaker.
That makes the 23rd out of 23 political predictions I've been wrong about.
Starting with, we'll never see a black president in my lifetime.
Like, I really said that before.
I was talked into believing that first that it was gonna be really tight, but then towards the end,
we were talked into the idea that it was in the bag for Hillary.
And of course, I said a few times, he was gonna win it, he was gonna win it.
Not that I wanted him to, or I don't even like putting that out there.
I do kind of believe in the words you say, like, can manifest themselves in some way.
You know, like, they can create things.
I do believe that.
I also really felt that it was an increasing possibility all the time.
And, like, I was in London during, like, the week and a half before the Brexit vote.
And depending on who you talk to, most people are like, oh, no, it's not gonna happen.
It's not gonna happen. And you talk to anybody that was working class like, it's happening.
And it was gonna happen.
Well, yeah, and we get, I'm to the election, I'll be permeating tonight as a theme, I'm sure.
Including the analysis of the statistics and stuff.
But I, to me, what I am keen to talk about, because it's most scary, most promising, most exciting to me,
is the cultural, not ramifications, but the cultural thing that's happening,
of which I think this election is a symptom.
Because it's a real thing that we have to deal with on our sidewalks and things,
and in conversations with each other, the people with actual human hearts and brains that we touch,
and whose breath we can smell, and who are renting properties to or from us,
and who we buy and sell bread to.
I haven't been into the market in a while, and I don't know how commerce works.
I pay people to count my filthy money.
But the human beings are neighbors and things, and douchebags.
We know that our friend Kumeil had an incident at a bar.
These young douches that got drunk, and they were like...
I guess it turns out later, in the analysis afterward of this story,
the bartender was filling them in and saying that they have alt-right meetings over at this certain bar.
I guess I won't name, because I'm not sure what I'd be doing by naming the bar,
but that they have alt-right meetings in the back room, and that this is a bar close by,
and that one of those two guys had been there before.
It's not like Clockwork Orange, where it's like, holy shit, the fabric of society is changing necessarily,
just because of that story.
But in case you didn't see it, the story was that Kumeil and Thomas Middleton were hanging out at a bar,
and two guys that had been drinking for a couple hours came up to them and said,
hey, we're big fans, and I disagree with what you say on Twitter about Trump,
and then they said, let's not talk about politics.
And they said, what are you, a cock, cock, cock, cock? And they started chanting the word cock,
which, if that's going to happen, I...
I didn't know that that was an alt-right term for people that have been, what, cuckolded by politics?
Like, what is the angle on that?
It's just an attack on, I think, masculinity.
Oh, that you're not a man.
You're just like a beta male.
I think it's more of a beta male thing to really focus on the sex life of other people.
But again, I don't know if you've seen cuckold porn, but there's this guy, Marcello,
who's a cuckold who is very alpha.
He fucking like, he cuckolds himself so much that he owns the room.
Like, I got no beef with a guy that's so low status,
he can suck another man's penis while that man fucks his wife.
Like, I think that guy's pretty fucking intimidating.
And she goes like, lick my balls, slave, and he's like,
and his eyes are just dead.
And I'm like, this fucking guy, like, I'm following him into battle.
Not somebody who's like, what'd you say?
Like, this guy's cool under fire.
He's licking balls.
You're not supposed to want to do that if a guy's fucking your wife.
That's the last thing.
You know, he's topping from the bottom, though. Like, he likes it.
Like, he's in charge.
He's eating the world from hell.
Yeah, I don't know what you're talking about.
He's amazing.
He's my hero in that.
I just did a comedy show last night.
The gig was in Escondido, California, kind of down San Diego way,
like South of Carlsbad.
But we stayed in Rancho Santa Fe, which is quite rich and white.
And I went to have breakfast or lunch yesterday,
and there was this woman that came in, and she was like, very Orange County,
like, you know, I'd just picture a wealthy Orange County middle-aged woman
who was pretending to be 19.
And she was quite loud, and they were all talking about Chardonnay
and varietals of grapes, because they're all wine people.
And it was fine.
I was reading my book, so I was pissed off.
But that's my fault for reading a book at a bar and expecting silence.
And then she started talking.
I thought you hated yourself for reading, or...
I thought you were going, and here I am reading.
I like reading alone at a bar or at a restaurant,
and I expect graveyard silence, which is self-destructive.
It's stupid.
But I do bring earplugs, but then I'm like,
I'm not wearing earplugs in a bar.
Everybody has a right to look at me and go,
this guy is a fucking piece of shit.
And I can dig it.
But it was totally silent for the first 45 minutes I was there.
Then this woman came and was talking to two other people,
and they were talking about grapes and wines,
and then she's like, oh, my daughter's got married,
and so my son-in-law is so amazing.
He's a marine.
And they have a dog, and the dog is named Mary,
but she's short for America.
And I was, as I drove down there, when you pass the orange curtain,
when you get down into good and proper Orange County,
it's Trump stickers and forward F-150s and all that jazz.
But then they all started talking in hushed tones about politics, about the election.
They were all Hillary people.
They sounded like they were going to be Trumpies.
But then I heard another guy, later on, football was on,
a white guy with his white girlfriend or wife,
and an interception happened.
And he yelled, oh, god damn, are you fucking monkey?
And I was the only one that heard it.
And I just turned my mind, whoa!
And he goes, oh, whoa, whoa, why do you assume
I was talking about an African-American?
I said, whoa!
Double, whoa!
That's a meadow, whoa!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
And I said, I'm watching the same TV you are, man.
And he goes, you fucking jackass.
He mutters to his wife, he's a fucking jackass.
What other words are you going to take away from us?
Yeah.
So then I said, oh, I'm going to guess you voted for Trump.
He goes, no, we voted for Hillary.
Exactly.
So, thank you.
He felt activated, I felt.
I feel that.
I'm not Kumail Nanjiani, and I'm not brown.
And I didn't get poked in my chest by some, you know,
some alt-right weirdos.
I just feel like that was the first time I've ever heard,
like a bunch of, somebody felt that comfortable
to yell that out.
And also, strangely righteous indignation when I,
like, I didn't go, hey, fuck you, racist!
I didn't say that.
I went like, wow!
Right.
And he's fucking racist in his head.
So that's what I want to talk about tonight.
I'm very proud of myself.
I lined up some guests that are not based on like,
oh, this person represents this, that.
In keeping with that, I invited random people
that I came across.
They better be all white males.
They aren't.
But I do, before we, I do want to say before we,
because tonight is going to be, if I have anything to do with it,
it's about moving forward into, like, I don't care.
Don't, if you're listening to this and you're offended
by a straight white dude saying,
we need to erase the lines and solidaries,
not kidding us anywhere, I'm not telling you
not to see lines, and I'm going to express that
where I'm at and how I'm going to move forward
the best way I think I can help and use my I statements.
I am certainly not here to tell, particularly especially
the last person I want to tell not to see things in lines
are the black women in our family tonight,
because I feel like that was an astounding,
almost comedically absurd story.
Like, if you looked at the statistics
and you were looking at lines and how they broke down,
that was a bummer.
Like, they lined up and they were like, yep,
what you see is what you get, voting for Hillary,
she's not, she's a woman and I'm a woman
and there's a million reasons, blah, blah, blah,
and they came home and it's like, let's get our lady,
what the fuck, you honky bitches.
42% of the women vote went for Trump, is that right?
Yeah, I don't even know.
We've all seen the spreadsheets that have befuddled us,
and then we searched for meeting with our primate mind.
I trusted Jake Tapper.
You lied.
I think the message from those spreadsheets,
from this election, from everything,
was going like, oh, thank God,
it may be in a very twisted, horrible balloon animal way,
but Martin Luther King finally just actually became,
his dream is actually becoming a little bit true,
because I cannot look at anybody anymore
or think about anybody based on any group that they belong to
and assume anything about them.
I think that election, it's like,
you can now say that you have more in common
with a person you haven't met yet
than some of the people you've met.
You can now say that you have more important things in common
with people who have superficial things not in common with you,
and I don't want to speak for my people that are shaped like me,
but before that Tuesday, I was walking around thinking that
the idea that biology didn't matter, race, gender,
to name a few bio lines,
there's a million of them though,
the things that just make us different,
like in the goo that makes up our body.
The idea that that stuff didn't matter,
I always looked at it like broccoli,
like really healthy, really hard to commit to,
like not the first choice,
like when I'm secretly thinking about what I'd rather do,
like kind of difficult, worth it,
we'll make everything better,
oh so hard to do and no one else is going to do it anyway.
And after Tuesday, like I swear it's not hyperbole,
it was just like the one good thing for me,
was I was like holy shit no,
the idea that you can't tell what people are thinking or feeling
or where they're coming from by looking at them,
is not like broccoli, it's like air,
it's impossible now to not be in that mindset,
it's absolutely vital and it's relatively empty
and we have to fill it with something meaningful.
I know that was a dumb way to extend that metaphor,
I should have stopped that,
it just went from being like,
oh you should really do that, okay I will,
and walking around like that monkey guy,
who clearly was yelling at himself before you did,
he was yelling at all this shit,
you were yelling at him for being a resident,
that guy's already, we got this fucking
World Wrestling Federation wrapped up in our brains
because we're surrounded by it anyway,
so the big question becomes,
how do we stop being surprised by shit,
how do we, that was my therapist's advice,
stop expressing yourself with like,
Dan you keep going like this,
and your voice keeps going up in the air,
because you keep going,
there's a swastikop over the house in San Francisco,
can you believe what you did to you,
and the white women that you knew I was?
It's all in that context of can you fucking believe it,
can you believe it,
and you hear that story about Camille,
and that always the unspoken thing on Twitter
is like when you retweet stuff,
you do, the unspoken message of it is like,
can you believe this,
and that for the last 20 years has been enough,
like that has been our definition of the guillotine,
it's been our definition of like,
just like transparency,
of rule of law socially,
because there are no laws against like,
having weird feelings about you ate three bananas,
now you're a woman,
you can have like these fucked up ideas
that if a Supreme Court justice has them,
bananas, illegal, and we're like, whoa, hey,
those thoughts aren't illegal,
and so we have up until now had the luxury of going,
can you believe this person feels this way?
Now it seems clear to me that it's like,
oh, you gotta believe it,
you gotta believe it,
and coming with that is like,
then if you're going like this,
you're the sucker,
like can you believe this guy's mugging me?
Well, yeah, Steven Segal can,
that's why he's not getting mugged anymore.
What a terrible example,
you guys don't admire Steven Segal?
I'm 43, he was like really,
he was bad ass,
for like six months of 92, I think.
I couldn't think of a name of a guy
who's famous for not getting mugged.
What, I forget,
maybe I remember,
I'm not sure if I know the exact order
of the five stages of grief,
but do you know which Spencer or Dan,
do you know which one you're in right now?
Well, I'm,
I'm gonna assume not acceptance yet.
Well, or you could say either this grief doesn't apply
or I'm all the way to acceptance
because we need to do more than grief.
If our friend is getting harassed in a bar,
we don't have to go grab our muskets,
we don't have to go,
because we don't know those guys represent the alt-right,
we don't know what the alt-right is,
we don't know, we just, we have to,
we have to straighten our backs,
square our shoulders,
take a deep breath in, go,
this is happening.
Like, like, there are skinheads,
there are angry people,
there are people you can't,
every person that is walking toward you,
it has either dynamite
or pudding,
or pudding being a good thing,
like the opposite of dynamite.
But it's a bad thing to have in your head
because you need to think.
So, again, my metaphors are failing,
but I'm saying every person that you encounter
could be explosive,
or a god, or a monster,
but very likely something
incredibly sloppy and unpredictable
in between that is going to require,
like, very, very,
like, in the moment negotiation
and also, though, before you enter
that chaotic world,
an agreement about how we behave,
for instance, when I've seen some pictograms
that were being posted that I thought were kind of cool,
it's like, what do you do when you see
a dude bullying a Muslim woman on a subway
and it, like, shows you in pictograms,
like, what you should do?
It turns out what you should do
is walk up to the Muslim woman,
start hanging out with her
as if the guy doesn't exist,
and as if you've known her for 20 years.
Hey, how are you?
I haven't seen you in a while.
I mean, probably, you know,
it's better than going like,
get your hands off her!
I got sidetracked by that.
Are you saying, I mean, yeah,
I mean, we should all, like,
if I saw someone doing that,
I would absolutely go up there
and intervene and step in
at the risk of getting, like, punched, like...
Well, I...
But the thing is, I don't know,
I would piss my pants and cry
and so I want to talk to people
who don't know how,
it's like, I feel like you're bragging.
Well, no, I mean,
I'm saying hypothetically because
it's always been a hypothetical.
Now, I don't think it's going to keep
being a hypothetical.
I think it's going to be something
that you're going to run into a lot now.
I want to plan for it
and I'm going to need powerful friends, Jeff.
Powerful, powerful friends.
From the Marvel Universe,
you know her as the Red Sorceress.
Now it's Scarlet Witch.
It's Elizabeth Olsen!
Hit it, babes!
Yeah.
The obvious joke to make is like,
hey, could you use your signature Marvel power
to undo that election?
But I've seen two movies now
and I can't figure out what your signature power is.
It seems like you can do anything to anyone,
but it involves red light.
Yeah, that's as much as I understand.
And I think at some point,
I get to manipulate time, I think,
at least in the comics.
Oh, good, because your character was kind of weak,
so I was hoping they would give me...
Is your mic on?
Are you just far away from it?
I don't do this much.
There you go.
Thank you.
That does make me curious.
When you're in a movie like that
where you're shooting gagoos and everything's like...
So then, let's say,
Joss Whedon comes up,
okay, we did one take,
now he's going to give you an adjustment.
How much...?
He actually made up the whole movement.
It was all in his head, so he had various...
Oh, yeah, he wrote it moving, like me.
At least he told me that,
and he would physically ask me
to do different physical things
and demonstrate it for me,
and the Russos don't do that.
They don't understand.
They're like, I don't know what to do with you.
Why don't you go away
and figure it out with your choreographer?
And I'm like, okay, great, I love what I do,
but we'll talk about it later.
But anyway, this is so frivolous.
I wasn't going to go on to ask you,
what's it like to wear so much makeup?
I was going to eventually...
I did invite you on,
because we were doing a project together,
and so you were one of the first people I saw
in the wake of all of this.
In the wake of every woman in Los Angeles,
going through something
that I'm not even allowed to pretend I understand,
because that's just part of the problem,
blah, blah, blah, and that makes me more mad,
makes me want to be manly and do things,
and that's what the problem is,
because we just elected a guy
that wants to be manly and do things,
and it's like, I can't man-splain,
but the only thing to explain
is that I want to man-splain,
and not being able to man-splain
is making me angry,
and my therapist has verified
that that is every couple right now
that's coming through.
It's like, it's a woman with a...
as a Star Wars fan,
I would call it a carbon-scored feeling panel.
That was tricked over,
let's face it, 180 years
into putting a little fiber optic cable out,
and then it just got sliced off
with this Cronenbergian penis slimy knife,
like, tricked you, got you,
and now they're just wandering,
but anyways, what was I talking to you about?
We were talking about,
I mean, I don't know if I represent
a feminine response.
No, not at all, no.
But, I mean, just because I don't...
No, you were like,
I just pulled out my dick and vote,
and I was like, whoa!
It's huge, but it blows red,
and I can't, it was like...
No, no.
I was actually not in the country,
because I did a mail-in vote,
and handed it in,
because I was so scared to trust the mail service,
and I was in Mexico City,
and so that was really interesting,
and I was talking...
How fast are they going to build this thing if it...
Well, yeah.
I mean, I guess the joke is,
is now they're like,
yeah, let's fucking build a wall,
so no one from America can come in.
That's the only joke to make now,
but I had a friend when I was saying,
really emotionally on Wednesday morning,
I was like,
how can there be so many races,
and xenophobic people, and sexism,
and everyone's so uneducated,
our education system has failed us.
He just said,
you know, I don't...
Like my president, I didn't vote for him,
but there are a lot of people in my country who did,
and a lot of people make $2 an hour,
and well, he first told me
that I was part of the problem for saying that,
and then he said, you know,
I don't blame the guy who makes $2 an hour
for voting for our president,
because he actually bought his vote,
and gave him a refrigerator,
and I don't think he's stupid, I don't think he's ignorant,
and I'm not saying we're in the same situation,
but I...
We don't measure things in refrigerators,
but they're coming along down there.
I measure them in delicious Trump steaks.
But that is something to think about,
like, okay, how am I part of the problem
by just naturally assuming that all these people
are this, this, this, and this, and then...
How are you part of the solution, you mean?
Yeah, yeah, sorry, or...
You said, how am I part of the problem?
Yes, I am part of the problem,
because I'm doing this.
And because I have a vagina.
It's full of mystery,
and betrayal.
Just ask the blacks.
That's what I came here tonight to do,
erase lines.
Yes, it...
How are you...
That's what I'm trying to figure out, is like,
okay, so I... Yeah, it's like...
And there's lines behind lines behind lines,
because when I hear that story about Kumeil at the bar,
I'm like, oh, bullies.
I know what a bully is,
and then that means I need to do this and this and that.
I don't know those two guys.
I know...
I know five things about them,
all of which total make them douchebags,
and they needed to be dealt with
in that moment, the way that they were dealt with,
and we would be foolish
to not ask ourselves at this point,
should we...
There's two things to think about for me.
One is, how do I deal with the anxiety,
like, in a healthy way?
Mm-hmm.
Which Emily Gordon, Kumeil's wife, like,
there's been a lot of great things online,
and people going like,
you're filled with this shit right now.
The consensus seems to be,
it's a great time to go volunteer
for stuff, which sounds like
a fucking last thing you want to do.
But it's like...
I think it's the thing,
if I force myself to go to 826LA
and see what I can do to help,
that somehow that'll lead to some kind of relief
in a healthy way.
But the other thing is that I can't ignore
the things like, aren't we supposed to get ready
for some fucking fisticuffs?
I ordered a salad tonight
at the restaurant, because I got to stop
eating Doritos, because there's Nazis.
And I would be very
foolish to be like,
maybe they just need a hug.
That to me sounds like a great origin story
for an Avengers character.
I actually
I don't understand fighting violence
with violence, I just have never understood that.
So if some...
I think kudos to say
I'd stand straight up at that person
and get him to back down.
I think there is a version of that
that doesn't have to be
violent and confrontational.
But you and I have talked a lot
about the idea of
lines and divides and trying to figure out
No one's...people are so scared
to say how they felt.
And it's because the people who have
the privilege to be
on social media and have a lot of
followers, or to be
on a podcast, or to be on whatever.
They tend to all kind of believe the same
things. And we're all just talking
to each other.
And I think, you know, with algorithms
and Facebook, and you just
see what you want to see.
And I don't understand
how that's ever going to change anything.
We were all just talking to ourselves
the whole time. Like if you like
one side or the other, you're only listening
to that one side. So why are you so surprised
that there is another side?
You just weren't listening to it.
Also, why is a parakeet surprised that there's a mirror in its cage?
Why are people chanting
for Hulk Hogan shocked
that someone's into the Iron Sheik
at the same event?
We are being sold
because of the camel clutch.
The camel clutch.
A devastating move.
Another thing that was kind of like
a relief was that
because I don't like
as a celebrity
or an edit person who's in movies
I don't like the idea
of being like, I
believe this. So therefore I'm going to change
all your opinions because I believe it.
And I think that's like a weird egocentric
thing and that's kind of what Hollywood
did. And
what we were talking about when I brought it up the other day
you said, no one's going to look
at Jay-Z and be like, oh Jay-Z
wants Hillary for president.
I have so much in common
with Jay-Z.
I'm going to vote for Hillary now.
They've got nothing in common.
I've got 99 problems too.
But is it
bitch one?
It is now.
I've got 99 problems
and a bitch not being in the White House
is one of them.
He puts out a new
version of his.
Yeah, what were we talking about?
The Jay-Z example
kind of like blurs lines
for me because I get scared in white
and like, well again I don't,
I can't fucking
blank-splain anything to
a certain like
people.
That's going to be the new thing.
It's going to be the episode title.
What were you saying?
If I'm working
I'm going to take some liberties
and create a cartoon character.
If I'm Joe Welds a lot
coming off of my
half-closed factory job
and going to Pizza Hut because it's the
fanciest restaurant in town and it's payday
and I'm like eating with a knife and fork
because pizza's fancy food for me
because I live in Poe Dunkea.
I'm taking liberties.
I'm saying
assume the guy that's the least
receptive to this message.
So Joe Welds
a lot from Poe Dunkea.
The TV in the corner
as Robert Downey Jr. on it saying
look we have to talk. Tomorrow
you have a choice to make and the power
is in your hands and it doesn't really matter.
They made a very funny
self-effacing meta version
of that thing but I'm just saying
the bottom line
of that message isn't
oh look what I'm
doing or I'm making you aware of something
that everybody knows the elections coming up.
Everybody that cares about
voting because they feel something
that's staked for them because they're not
hopelessly disenfranchised is going
to vote because it's actually about them
and they feel that way
and so a person
saying like look at me
you gotta vote
and you gotta vote right. If I was
the slightest bit inclined
to not
believe in the elitist
liberal
king's landing that I'd be like
see there we go. I would pull
the other lever twice just because
it'd be like don't don't and so
it's probably doing it's
bolstering the base you know somewhere else
I don't know what we got on this topic it's stupid
the it's more
let's bring out Brandon Johnson he'll help us.
Oh yeah hit it babes.
Brandon Johnson
the only guy
who is always better dressed than me
how are you folks
see look at you healed and shit you healing
I'm glad you all made it out thanks for having me Dan
it's another thing it seems like we can't
enjoy anything anymore right now
well not this week don't rush us
exactly like I feel like if I'm smiling
someone's judging me or if I'm like having
a lunch like I can't be enjoying
the food I'm eating. I've been forcing
myself to express my pissy
kind of comments as jokes
recognizable as jokes
on Twitter and I but then someone
will go like I'm just waiting for somebody to go like
yo you didn't make that joke about Hillary
or whatever their responses that's
not either that's funny
I don't even want to hear that's not funny
don't tweet at me what is he fucking
this president almost got me to say retarded
Brandon where are you at right now
what's uh oh hi Brandon oh man it's
awesome it's like if you
if you were a Native American
and you you looked
over and you were like all I noticed
was that your mother fuckers wouldn't shooting
at me and trying to steal my land no
more
what is going on out there
it looked like white people
mad at each other
this is the
greatest day we're actually
because the weird shit is
there were no shootings two to
three weeks of Native Americans
of black people there was a
dip there was a dip
we started hating a lighter shade of
brown that's right
so it has been amazing
to watch it is like
it's like a Super Bowl
or a
baseball game
you know do you really think there
would you speculate that
that is a symptom of any kind of solidarity
like the idea that
you never had your dreams crushed
let me
let me tell you this shit
for y'all it's like
it's almost like if a black kid was laying
in a pool of blood
you know
and for hours this shit
and then a bunch of people videotaped it
you were like
I'm fucked up over that
and then it kept happening and there were like
585 in a year
your heart would already be broke so this
shit is like amazing
are you saying that
you think like the
Chicago PD
was less inclined to start shooting
people that they knew were black American
citizens because
now they're starting to defend borders
like in shit or? I'm saying I look down
and I see
upper-matic
I see troops on either side
fucking each other up over some shit
that I'm not really a part of
I'm gonna get fucked over either way
white people once they come together
after this republican
that shit
I live in Los Feliz
and one white people were running up to me like
damn this is fucked up and I just want to apologize
so I'm like you'll be alright
well
if you keep dressing up like you're from
nation of Islam from 1965
you might get
grandfathered into a shooting
be careful
see what I'm saying
how comedy can bring us together
as long as it's yeah
you feel like your dreams got crushed because
you were about to do some real cool shit
I know how you feel
you were like we fucking with
fucking Obama right now we got eight years
we're about to do some cool shit we gentrifying
we making moves mother fucker
everybody is out there kicking it right now
we're doing ecstasy we're kicking it
this is the greatest mother fucking country
in the world and then all of a sudden
just as you were about to get that last
drink
somebody came and smashed
your dream
and I've been there
I'll be there every time I try to order a
drink
so let me give you the handbook
of how you can make it
through this shit
lay it honest
run
I don't know what you gonna do
you got to run
bring your kids close
one number one thing really is like
don't panic
it's a long fucking haul
you got to understand this mother fucker got about
two years really
because in those last two years we gonna come at you
you know we are
that's number one and stop being bitches about the shit
you act like you in Mogadishu
your mother fuckers ran up on your house
in trucks and were like
pull your daddy out
where I come from
where Mexicans come from
where Asians come from
mother fuckers die during election season
people leave town to get the fuck
out because it might be a new president
mother fucker will get you
I don't want to just clear those bars
as a society
I'd like to avoid getting as low
as comparing ourselves to
the election where people are getting killed
instead of voting
but to your point
we are pussies
we're not pussies and it's great
that we're upset we should be upset
that was some bullshit that went down
but you better get the fuck back up
because we live in Whoville you hear me
and the Grinch
looks at us
I want him to hear us singing
I don't want that mother fucker
I thought
I thought it was from Horton
here's a who and I was like
I know but he reads that one
Horton is there
Horton needs a who is the apocalypse now
of Seuss books it's like
all the film students are like master piece
master piece fucking watching that shit
six hours
fireworks and Martin Sheen
dancing
bonus DVD
now the French scenes in it
are you trying to make me kill myself
alright sorry I got off in a tangent
but
he made me picture a scene that has nothing to do
with what you're saying and I can't
my OCD like
when I misunderstood you earlier
there was a cop
on the foot of his bed getting dressed
for work and like he had slept
through the election results in his
and he assumed that Hillary got elected
and he was facing his blue
laces
with the usual
tooth gritted
resigned numb determination
time to go back into the
demilitarized zone
and fight a war that can't be won
and then his wife comes in
with some orange juice
and some pancakes
and she goes like you seem a little glum
and he's like yeah another day another dollar
and she goes
you didn't watch the results last night did you
who are you talking about
we elected some
email ladies
no honey
we're racist now
shut up
the whole country
against who
name them
pick a country
and then he's like
so I don't have to
represent racism
while trying to do your job of policing the public
no it has been
taken up by every man
woman and child in the country
so my job is to serve
and protect the racist
the racist
zippity dude
and then he walks past a black
kid who is helping his friend move
and is holding a TV
and that's a crime
and he's
but on any other day
and he goes like
need help with that
and then he gets it
over to the car and he gets in
and he goes like thanks officer and he's like
no problem just you know trying to be a little
more low profile what do you mean in helping my friend move
you were helping your friend move
you thought I was robbing someone
yeah
but we're building a wall
I'm still racist I'm just in a good mood right now
yeah
you just became the smallest racist
fish to fry I have
like racism
is my life now
it's like it should be it's Christmas
I was like I don't know
if you watched SNL last night
David Chappelle
the funniest
bit was
David Chappelle and Chris Rock
they're in a room filled
with white people screaming at the television finding out
that Hillary was losing
and they're like oh my god
I can't believe there's so many
racists in this country and they're just like
yeah what do you mean like
you just figured
that out because of this election
there was all this sexual assault
in the comedy community
and comedians are clowns
they're clowns that's what we do
when you hear that they're like
raping clowns you should probably
perk your fucking ears up
when you hear that there's shit going down
you should probably should have known because
we're living in what so many other people
saw coming up
if you were down on the ground if you're fucking suffering
if you're a woman if you're handicapped
you're gay if you're black in the United States
you knew what the fuck was about to go down
I'm not surprised so many homophobic handicapped
people right now are just like
fucking keep it up man
keep putting me on that list
and because we're not surprised
we're not tripped out about the shit
so don't you be tripped out about the shit
just fucking war on
that's what people don't talk about in the news media as much as they ought to
is how homophobic most handicapped people are
it's not a joke it's a real fucking thing
it's not a popular topic it won't get you
you know winning a popularity contest
but it might get you elected
if you wait until
there's a huge population of homophobic
handicapped people and
then one side is completely ignored them
and then you go we're going to build a big
ramp dick proof wall
we're going to build a giant ramp
that gets you to all the pussy
and keeps all the dick underneath it
that's what Pence is planning on doing
if we impeach Trump by the way
I know well that's the other thing
I was like no no we can't
impeach Trump we need him in there
we do
we need this thing to
absolutely become a sinking ship
and watch the whole thing
consume itself
because if he gets
busted for one of his 90
rape trials that are coming up
the guy that looks like Eisenhower
who hates gay people more than anybody goes into office
and then the shit's for real then
well so they think about the irony of that
remember 8 years ago
like I said at the top of the show I truly am
43 years old grew up in the 70s I really truly believed
we didn't have it wouldn't have happened
I was like holy shit I was a total
surprise to me that we
Obama got elected and so my first
thought was oh shit a lot
of white liberals are like is he
going to get assassinated
and then the response to that would always be
like oh with a chuckle
oh god no not president Biden
so think about the irony of the fact
that was it
we're chuckling about that
and then now Trump gets elected
again your first thought because you didn't
see it coming is he going to get assassinated
and everybody goes no no no
not president
fucking Pence
that guy knows exactly what to do
like like like
we got it's going to take
two years for Trump to find the
phone
like there's already articles
about him did you see the thing about
he now wants to do things a little different
he doesn't want to spend very much time
in the White House
it's almost adorable
it starts to make you think like what if he did
yeah but he's going to leave Rudy Giuliani and
like fucking
they know what to do
you know Newt Gingrich he invented
this whole fucking mess he's like we just call
it not what it really is and then
we don't have to talk on the same reality as everybody
else and that's like where we're at is
and his name is Newt Plainsite
Newt Draconis
from the not at all lizard people
why
I don't think global warming is a
problem
uh just
I mean sometimes you need a little son
sometimes you need a fucking load of
flies
Giuliani is the only person that claps louder
when he hears 9-11 than our audience
hahahaha
that guy is
straight up
every
clinician I've texted
because I've done this before
I've seen people on a monitor and I've
texted doctors that were in the area
and said is he sundowning? yes
like that was
what is sundowning? I don't know what that phrase means
the sundowning is like
people suffering from
dementia, Alzheimer's
there's a phenomena where they
around the
sundown hours
that's called moon upping
sometimes to euphoria, sometimes to
super anger
often just confusion and stuff, agitation
probably very agitating
to like yeah
Giuliani is going through a weird metamorphosis
where he's looking more like one of those fishes
that you only see in the very deep deep ocean
where the teeth are doing a whole
weird thing and the day
he's trumps flavor-flav
like he was like
hahahaha
like
no one's getting a guillotine when he
talks because
he's not running for anything
and trumps one and he's like bring out the legion
of doom
and it was just like this fucking
like it was like the end
of michael douglas' the game
they're doing like
i know michael douglas didn't produce the film
but i just mean the michael douglas
movie the game when it's like at the end
of the party it's like oh you were there and you were there
the secretary of transportation
chris christie
stepped on my joke with a kiss
i connected the dots of transportation
and chris christie i bet nobody
thought of that
what's next
secretary of garlic
count dracula
he'd hate it
he'd get rid of it
secretary of garlic
yeah bad things are bad
but yeah this is all a mishmash
it was a big casserole
it got this political thing
like the voting and the thing
it's important
i'm not going to be jaded about that anymore
i still maintain
stop yelling at people on twitter about how they voted for
some bat person
or whatever
her name's jill stein and you don't have to be mean about it
i said 300 million people in this country
and like a fraction of them vote
every four years and every
every time we do this ritual
where when it's a squeaker
like we compare the numbers
and then we look
oh when you voted for harambe
and wasn't on anyone's side
we should be impressed
that they wanted to express themselves
and be counted
we remember every four years how fucked up the electoral colleges
but we're never mad about that
for the three and
.9 years in between
i want to change it change it just not right after
it worked and had a thing
and we can't change it now especially with the republican
house and senate
i want to know who are the 49 million people
that didn't vote
we should be concerned with those people
those are the real because
we stood by evil triumph
or they have their own
creepy weird ass party that could take over
both of our fucking parties
we gotta find out who had it so
good that they didn't care
was gonna be bad or who had it
so bad they didn't care
was gonna be good
you know who i blame
i feel like
the turnout among babies was very low
yeah
where's the baby folk
you were gonna say something
i don't remember
i get nervous
let's see if i had something to say
oh i did
oh
what you did too
do you remember what you were gonna say
because i just remembered what i was gonna say
no you go
girl
i was gonna say i appreciate the humor
right now attacking any group
of anything isn't actually
helping
it happens
we're don ricklesing right now
we're going like mexicans vote like this
whoa
we're putting a big
headline on it which is like
well there's this observational humor to be made
you see the statistics that as a white person
you're like you're fucking
i was watching
the numbers and looking at the statistics
at one point i swear to god
there was a thought briefly
you know how the
thoughts are just going and the
embers that come out of the campfire
they mostly just disappear when they're
two inches from the fire and then others cause
huge fires
for one moment there was a little
spark in my head when i saw the number
of immigrants that weren't voting
i was like you fuckers now i want a wall
you're ruining the election
i should be protected from you
it would help if there was a day off
that's the big deal
nobody knows it but if you
have a shitty job your boss does not let
you go vote
and you don't get enough time to vote
what do we get in california an hour
sometimes you need yeah that's
i guess i haven't been told that for my employer
cause they told me an hour
i told you not to vote
i think they should move
today we all vote to christmas eve
it's obviously insane that it's not
a holiday that makes no
fucking sense at all
it's very clear that we
don't want everyone to vote
we don't want it to be a thing
he repealed the voting rights act
it was like a big part of the civil rights movement
and we got rid of it
in the swing states where uh trump won
now it's back
i fixed it
what the hell happened
a guy in a tank chop just made a weird sound
and walked away
was that one of the babes
statistically speaking
30% of los angeles
voted for trump
i think it was the base player of the babes
hey babes
you're sitting over there
you want to introduce yourselves and say hello to the gang
are your mics hot
can we hot up their mics
is anybody driving the ship
back here? they're hot now
alright they're all getting high back there
you're hot
wait oh so
wait alright you get vocal effects
we have reverb
what's your name over there sir
with a mustache
of course zack hello
i'm sarah and i go to the piss
is erin
that's lordess
thanks for having us
now you guys have been pretty
candid online about you being huge gary johnson
supporters so uh you guys
i'm joking of course
do you guys want to weigh in
no
we don't mix uh
that's rock and roll treason
well done
we have like bruce brinkstein
or bob dillon
or the sex pistols
or hip hop it's alright
it's okay
actually i have a question
i tweeted about it
i went the day after the
wednesday morning i went and got a coffee
and a bunch of glum
hipsters in silver lake were all looking
bummed out while they were ordering $11,000
quiches and croissants
just to interject you officially
no longer know that those guys aren't nazis
because two of them poked kumail
in the chest
it happened in silver lake
oh my god it happened in silver lake
where all the liberals go
just when you thought it was
safe to have artisanal yogurts
i'm not i'm tired
of letting you shame me brandon
liberals are having a hard time right now
so everybody's like
wait until you have to pick up your kids
from the morgue
my kids
can't you just leave them
why do you have to pick them up can't you just leave them there
i'm not gonna know
liberals kids are pre morgue
we don't reproduce we
they get in the way of our wine tastings
but anyway
there was glum people and a gal
like a young kind of hipster
barista chick behind the counter
kind of smiled like you know
a kind of a rise
well on the bright side
at least music's gonna get good again
but then i treated that
and someone pointed out quite rightly
i don't really listen to new music
and certainly i don't listen to enough hip-hop
hip-hop has already been going through
kind of like a golden age
some people think
i'll explain it
uh
hey dan
why don't you field this one for us
you've had enough power sir
just want to go back to the cave
wait this shit out
so there's a little too much
autotune but there's a lot of passion
go ahead brandon what's your take
try to be more informed than that
because some of us
jerk off to the hip-hop pandora channel
what
really
that's really not racist of you
that's so good
for those of you listening at home right now
you can download dan's entire rant on that
with the
harmontown.com
so
anyways
well
i wasn't really waiting for your take on hip-hop
having transformed
brandon and i are more
we bond when we get together
about the lost days
of the true golden age of hip-hop
uh the early years
when you can rap about peas and carrots
right and rap was very very slow
when it was slow and focused on peas and carrots
yeah
babes can you
can you guys lay down a beat or no is that outside
of your bailiwick
we're kind of a base heavy
like kind of r&b
is that about the freestyle?
yeah let me see what we got
i mean in these sad political times
sometimes music and then poetry
maybe you do
oh nice
oh yeah
well have you ever had
a sandwich on some bread
and realized you were in bed
and the crumbs go down
to superman's house
and you have to fight a super mouse
old school
have you
ever enjoyed a bowl of soup
and the next thing you know
your body starts to poop
you get diarrhea from this damn dish
and throwing up that soup is your wish
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha
well have you ever laughed
in a song
have you ever brought your mama along
to the dream
that we could have
if we only believed
in
sav
everyone loves sav
i gave sav my art to graph
put that ointment on
rub it on your body
all night long
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
well have you ever been in the middle
of a rap
you didn't know what to say
so the end of the rapping line
you just decided to lay it down a little
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha
raganomics made
rap better
raganomics made rap better
and also made us wear sweaters
a lot at zippers
and we had straps and women were
doing a lot of aerobics
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
have you ever done a rap
sorry have you ever
i'm sorry
no i was just
wondering have you ever done a rap
so much
i was just asking a question
i wasn't starting it
well i did a rap and i'm right over
My question was um
What's this?
Have you ever done a rap that sounded like Johnny Cash big Lee?
Like the Talks section of the Johnny Cash album instead of a real rap song. Have you ever done that?
I bought it one piece at a time
Didn't cost me a dime
Pre-sampling law rap
Riding one piece at a time. Yeah
There's one piece of the tongue.
One piece of the tongue.
Johnny Cash is doing the Rihanna hook on this one.
Yeah.
No.
We know.
We got it.
We knew it.
One piece at a time.
It tells the name of this rhyme.
You take one piece and put it on another time.
And then you put the time together.
And you have multiple rhymes.
They're like amino acids that form a gene.
That makes biology work, if you know what I mean.
Even though I pronounce it weird.
Biology.
Ha ha ha ha.
I started trying to rap too fast.
And I wanted to rap in the past.
So I could rap real slow and make it last.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I walk the line.
You know you walk the line.
I'll ring a fire.
Put your wrap to cease.
Have your body on your knees.
I'm gonna have your motherfuckers on my balls like thickin' fleas, no
Even though we was rappin' slow, this is what I really do
Hit these motherfuckers, make it so I spit a bull
We gon' be alright, don't worry about election
Think about it, I'm rockin', use erection
I walked into a burnin' ring of fire
Down, down, down, the flames went high
But not to be outdone, I'm gonna rap super fast too
And I've always rapped this fast, and I'm rubber
And you're glue, and I see a nation, it's disintegration
But I'm not Haitian, so I don't have an HIV crustacean
Oh, ah, ah, ah, ah
Walk it back, keep it flowin'
I'm rappin' fast, rappin' fast
And I'm growin' as a person and a Samoan
What's with those people? Why are they so big?
I'm sorry, god damn it
Alright, just a white brain, rap it
Just a white brain, rap it, don't rap too fast with a white brain
You're old
Have you ever noticed the Japanese are taking all these pictures?
God damn it
Jesus
Godzilla, Godzilla, Godzilla, it's a drum filler
Drum filler, Godzilla, drum filler
I got a drum filler, a Godzilla, and a Johnny Cash
Lay it on the line, but the lines are gone
One piece at a time, and it didn't cost me a dime
Yeah
You know it's me when I come to your town
Black women
Love swimming
I hurt myself today
He hurt himself today
And if you listen closely, you heard me say
Oh, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
I try to laugh like I sound like I'm having fun
But I'm really sad because Donald Trump won, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
It's a fake laugh
Everyone in a wheelchair hates gay people today
How does it feel wheelchair people to be boxed in and told you're homophobic
with no power to control it?
Yo, if you have wheels on your chair, and you got a heart, then you're still on the air
with me up in heaven
Because you're dead
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Well I shot a man in Reno
Just to watch him die
River boat, river boat, take me down
See, I would do it for six hours they knew to end it
Woo!
Babes, that was awesome!
Fuckin' wow!
What the listeners don't know is that Spencer and Lizzie were doing a dance the entire time doing that.
We could make an album of Harmontown songs and sell it as an album.
Actually, actually I recorded Ha Ha Ha with somebody already.
So we'd have to go through legal, but I'm sure Kesha would be down.
Two chains, a shirt, there were like 14 people in the booth, so...
Yeah Brandon, well you couldn't see why you were doing the double time fast rap.
Is that Dan was like, you piece of shit.
How dare you.
You said you would rap slow with me tonight.
I said come on my show and rap like we used to in the 80s.
Before it got hurtful and angry and for talented people.
Back when it was just bell pottos and kick lines and peas and gears.
I'm pretty sure we now owe Rick Rubin lots of royalties on what I just did.
And everybody from that generation of hip hop and apology, I didn't mean you weren't talented.
That's ridiculous, I didn't mean that.
I meant I'm not talented enough to rap fast.
We have the Sugar Hill gang coming on next week, so you can apologize.
We don't really like what you just said.
We're doing the best we can!
Now don't push me, because I'm close to the air.
That's how slow hip hop moved is that the whole refrain was about them getting close to...
Yeah, but then the verses would be about Superman hands you your car keys and you get into your car.
And you start the ignition and press the gas pedal and you start to go far.
But you haven't gone far yet, you still check your mirrors and you look at your blind spot.
And you start to pull out but you've never been good at parallel parking.
There was a point in early hip hop where Debbie Harry from Blondie was one of the three best rappers in the world.
I mean she was beautiful though, so of course she was allowed to rap.
It's really weird when you listen to that Blondie song and you're listening to her doing that.
You're like, oh that's like a YouTube kid taking a butter container and tapping it and turning it around while they do it.
It's like, oh it's an experimental style, like that's Blondie trying her hand at this thing from the streets.
Like, no, my name's Blondie, I'm here to say, I don't know, it's kind of funny.
Because she's doing the same rap.
But she had Fab Five Freddie with her, right?
I mean it worked, that song does fucking work.
She was in New York at the time and we don't know, Blondie probably could have been down.
She was Titus Fuck.
Okay, we have Blondie's child is here tonight.
His rap name is Titus Fuck, so nice shout out to yourself Titus Fuck.
Titus Fuck.
I thought it was just complaining as her son that she was, yeah.
Yeah, 17 hour labor.
It's not on my end.
She's not ready to go.
Jesus Christ.
So, oh, me? Am I in charge?
Well, have you noticed Skittles coming out in a lot of flavors?
No.
I think that little piece of music, and I'm only half joking,
obviously I'm making a joke, but that moment where we all laughed and clapped about doing that thing,
did we do it because we're sad?
Yes.
And did it make us feel a lot better?
Absolutely.
I think that little song we did softens my experience of the last week.
Well, actually, that reminds me, let's talk about the thing that was the,
oh, at least music will be better.
At least, of course, we've all heard that about comedy.
Oh, remember John Stuart during the Bush administration and all that stuff?
Let's talk about that for a second.
Like, does that, I mean, like, are we just turning that on like a faucet?
Because for me, it feels deeper.
Like, back then, I didn't, I knew that we were in a war with Iraq that I didn't believe in
and that shit was being told to me.
But I was also like, not into Al Gore, I didn't think he was robbed and I didn't care.
Like, I was like, I thought all that shit was for chumps.
Is that just a part of being young?
Like, like where you're like, fuck this whole system.
Yeah, you don't give a shit about shit until you own a house and you're like, I'm paying taxes on this.
So I want those motherfuckers not to park right there.
So I want to pass a law to get those motherfuckers not to park right there.
And that's just part of getting older.
I think that's a huge part of it.
You don't know.
That's a huge part of the middle class.
I think if you go from lower middle class to middle class, like you become Republican with every fucking pebble in that path.
I think in LA, we have a distorted vision of it because you can shoot up from lower middle class to the equivalent of
upper class and the whole time retain your, you're like, I'll give my gardeners a bonus.
But there's a democratic version of don't park in front of my house.
Maybe it's a cigarette tax or it's something else.
Everybody, it's really, this is what we saw is like, we didn't know enough about each other.
We don't know enough about each other.
So if we had known more about each other, we might have respected rights of other people a little bit more.
And I think that part of it is age because when you're a kid, of course, you don't know shit.
But we kind of have to look at ourselves and say, we should have checked in on those people once they started closing those factories.
It doesn't mean that we owe them anything, but we might have wanted to check on American a little bit more.
That's like, that's a fantastic way of weaving those cones because I want to really respect the people.
I think Spencer's one of them.
And I think I've been really, I've never expressed it to Spencer, but it's like, Spencer's a relatively young guy.
And it's like, this is a big election and Spencer's like, I watch what he retweets and stuff.
And I'm like, Spencer's on point.
And he's like fucking mad.
Like, like he's not, he's sick and tired.
Is it correct me if I'm wrong?
You're sick and tired of the philosophy of like, oh God, see guys, like we shouldn't have ignored them.
You know, they have needs to don't forget to tolerate the intolerable.
Or I'm sorry, don't forget to don't forget tolerance for the intolerant.
You're a little sick of that.
Like, well, it's, I mean, we, we've had polls.
We did polls before this election.
Half of respondents in these polls, half of Trump supporters were like black people are more lazy and more violent than white people.
A third of Clinton supporters thought that.
So it's just like, if you ask what their beliefs are, their beliefs are racist.
And they believe in people who they think can help, but they're not going to help.
They're not going to help them.
They're only going to help them if they think that, you know, racism.
Do you think that the blacks are the black thing about being lazy comes from the old slow rapping back from the 80s?
It certainly isn't how we met each other.
I can't even be bothered to rap fast.
So high.
I just, I think it's part, it's all, everyone's, you know, you kind of touch on it sometimes, but it's like the word intersectionality gets at that.
That there's this overarching oppressive system that tells white people that black people are taking their jobs and are causing them problems.
It tells men that women are, you know, not serious.
It tells the poor or rich people that poor people are to be feared.
And it keeps us all complicit in kind of ignoring inequality that happens and ignoring that it's real and ignoring that it's dangerous.
And that apathy is why half of the eligible voters stayed home.
I mean, I think if they were more open to the real plight of people,
they would say, we can't elect Hitler.
We have to get out there.
And I think we should have, you know, activated those people.
But we're still going to have to talk.
Yeah. No, we can't, because we can't just say, we can't just say, no, you're racist.
We have to say, you're not racist, but the way you act and the way you make decisions and policy choices is playing into the system that affects us all.
And it affects you and it makes it so you can't get what you want.
And it makes it so I can't get what I want.
And it kills people.
Right. So I think when you're in a drive through, this is unrelated.
I'm just so hungry.
I think when you're in a drive through, like you're the position that you've been placed in before you start communicating with the other person has a huge impact on every aspect that it's like, oh, the person on the other side of the drive through speaker,
they're speaking the same language as me.
They everything we're all in the same business.
It's McDonald's.
We all know one person wants a burger and how much it should cost and yet so much breakdown because of the position you've been placed in and the filter you're being placed in the other side of it.
So like, I don't know how to do this.
I don't know what the practical aspect of this is, but I know that we're, I know that we can't wait for 300 million people to stop being fucking morons because the average IQ is 100.
And if we don't start, if we don't start being comfortable with the idea that most of the people you meet, most of the people you love, most of the people that if you're in this city, you hope will one day worship you.
Like, like, they're dumb.
They're dumb as a turd compared to.
Dan Harmon calls his fans dumb.
Like, like, like, like, but, but we're all smarter than termites.
Giraffes, baboons, rocks.
If you lay off giraffes for one episode, man.
I'm not going to let them off the hook just because of this election.
Like, they didn't come any closer to respect in my mind.
When you find yourself talking to a person and you, you start to hear them like, bubble up, or you start to feel yourself bubbling up.
Like, can you identify the speaker between you?
Can you identify that you're at this drive through?
Can you, because in real life, getting out of your car accelerated makes it a horrible TMZ clip of like, oh, this person wanted this McNuggets so bad.
But, but we're not true.
There's no McNuggets.
Stop beating that metaphor.
When you are talking to a person over a wall and you feel like, like there is something between you that can't change instead of focusing on the wall or even trying to talk over it.
Is there a position that both people can take relative to what you're trying to do?
Because what if both, what if those people talking over the wall are talking about something over there?
Like a giant Anthony Hopkins created windmill machine that's going to create a canyon through the episode you're missing tonight.
Like, what if you're both fucking robots?
Like, you should both face the problem and you don't have to get over your differences.
Because that person, the differences might be that that person's fucking racist.
And that when they look at you, they think that you're a worthless person.
And that goes back again to like, I think the ladies learned this time around and Brandon's point is like, yeah, welcome to the fucking party.
Which is like, the music is amazing. You're going to love the music.
A lot of people got a big fat taste of holy shit for real.
Not in a Facebook policeable way.
Not in a, are you being a little by my my way?
Not in any kind of like, Kelly doesn't like you way.
Not in a, I'm not hanging out with him way.
Not in any way that's defeatable by any of that shit in a very real way.
Someone you might be talking to might be fucking just like looking at you and thinking, that's a vagina.
That's a black person. That's a white person.
That's a union person in my case.
Talk to union people.
Yeah.
That is a space person.
God damn it, his props are electric.
They all have goatees.
The wall may be absolutely vile and may need to come down and maybe a huge part of a huge problem.
But like, how will you ever, like, yeah, that's the big question is like, can we somehow concretize the practice of, oh, there's a wall.
Okay. Well, let's be better than two ants with a difference between each other and like do this ritual where we rotate 90 degrees.
And we don't, we'll get back to that wall.
That wall is fucking even more visible this way.
It's right there.
We can even see how long it is and where it came from.
I'm fucking nailing it now.
What it connects to all the other walls and stuff, but like the most important thing being like, oh, are we controlling ourselves or are we letting these walls?
Because who put them there?
But yeah, that's what you have to, you have to reveal that stuff to people.
And I think there's this gap, this disconnect because whenever I'm coming from a place, it's, it's from trying to help people and it's not always coming through.
But it's like, but my understanding that I don't say is that you're, you're focusing on issues of race is distracting you from the real problems that are affecting us all.
And as long as people ignore that, ignore that disconnect, we're not going to be on the same page, but we have to say like, no, your problems are valid and they're real.
And they're part of this thing that I acknowledge and it's valid and it's, and it's explainable by this system that also acknowledges that racism is a real thing that you should also acknowledge exists in the world.
And I'm not saying you're racist.
You know, so like, I don't know.
No, you're on it, you're on it because that's what we've been doing wrong.
We've just been dismissing.
Asperger Reddit guys, we're always saying to women and we're always going like, like, just shut up for a second.
I'm trying to explain.
It's like, we're always like, like someone else, someone will tell, post a story about like, I was in a parking lot and all this stuff happened.
And then like, Spencer and me come from a world where we're like helping when we go, yeah, but however, you probably shouldn't assume that person.
And it's like, and it's like, you're, yeah.
Anyways, what were you going to say?
Well, I mean, I like, I just think that we're that no one's listening and I do think that there are deep seated issues in our country.
And it's, I think it starts with our shitty education system and we go to, I spent a lot of time in Appalachia.
And I don't know if anyone else has, but like, but like, a lot of towns are derelict.
Like they don't have money to even tear down buildings that that they don't know what to do with.
And then they let like mountains just grow there.
They don't even have funding for mountain clearing.
But like, you know, we all believe that global warming is happening.
So like, that's true.
And green energy is good.
Yet they're huge industries that have relied on coal mining and just the in the mining business.
And they now are losing jobs, coal mining, coal mining businesses have been like almost fully shut down.
And not, I mean, not fully, but they're, everyone's losing jobs and then you lose jobs and then no one wants to be a teacher.
No one gets paid.
No one can create a business because no one's going to go out to a restaurant.
No one's going to give their money there.
And then that, and then now they're all pissed.
People have drug issues all over the country.
No one pays attention to it.
States have no tax revenue.
And we're just, we're just, there's this cycle and people are mad and Trump made those people feel special also, as well as all the problems in the world.
He said, he said, he said, how's everybody doing tonight?
Oh, to section C.
Like, like, like, like that was made a huge difference in the concert.
And they, they came out and they voted and, and I don't know if he's going to fix their problems, but it's really fucking sad.
And there is no alternative jobs for a lot of people who work in industries like that.
And I just, I just think that we can, there's a way that we can go into areas and not have a political agenda and just understand.
Okay, so you have a father, a grandfather who's been so angry for whatever reasons they didn't have an education.
But you know what, you're the new generation.
Let's figure out how to serve you better.
Let's figure out an education system that's, that's better for you.
And then maybe we can even figure out a way for you to express yourself beyond school.
You can talk about all this weird shit happening in your head or what, you know, JJ said to you or whatever.
Like, there's just, there's no, like, expression.
Yeah, make, make your kids less into multicam.
Yeah.
From a TV perspective, it's just like, tell, tell them, tell them they have options.
Like, there's like, like, it's just like, why would you want to hear other people laughing?
It's okay to just laugh at what you want to laugh at.
Right. And it seems like if, if parents are voted.
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to grind every ax I can while I still have a chance.
Paul Bunyan's dying.
No, but it's coming down from the generations and their parents.
And then, you know, if we want to change something, it starts with educating young people.
And that's what Hillary Clinton was all about.
And we have a shitty fucking system in our, in our country.
And I'm super proud of the fact that in California and Los Angeles is like these concentric strongholds of like, you know,
we have like amazing, like if we choose to volunteer in LA overflowing, but when we were talking about this,
and it's like, I don't know, I don't know if this is the most dumbest thing I've ever said or the smartest thing,
but it's like, oh, people say white privilege and then your skin bristles.
But it's like, oh, what if it was actually privileged?
What if you could, for instance, what if you, I know you would be allowed to walk into a steel mill and nobody's going to be like,
hey, who let Scarlet Witch in?
I've gone to so many.
So many steel mills?
Steel mills?
Coal mines.
Name three.
They're all in West Virginia and I don't remember what they're called.
The Toulouseka load?
The, see, you see like bust out this deadwood jargon.
No, but that's, yeah, and that's, so what, well, what do you mean you bend to them?
Because my ex-boyfriend's family was from, or is from Kentucky.
Oh, you just bend to them?
You don't, you know, like, you're not like Princess Diana, like going to them.
Do you mind, Cole?
No, I just, I literally just hung out and then he, he ended up making a film in, in West Virginia.
And I was going to these places where, you know, at first everyone who's working in these,
in these mines, they feel with you coming in camp with cameras.
They're already assuming that you're coming in to make them look stupid.
To make stock footage.
To make fun of them.
Yeah, they already think that.
So they're really defensive.
They just think, oh, you're going to make us look stupid in this movie.
Because I've been pitching every time one of these camera crews comes in, I pitch my fucking show.
No one listens.
It's a good idea.
It's about a guy who mines time.
You can't fucking tell me that's not a good idea.
But no, I got soot all over my face.
So everyone's like, look at the jackass.
What was, what's the show called?
Time Miner, you fucking faggot.
Fucking big city faggot.
Can I get back to work?
I'm sorry.
Are you going to buy my show?
Let me get back to fucking work.
Because you were handicapped, I'm sorry.
I went to, I've been to Morgantown, West Virginia.
That's where the college is, though, right?
That's where the...
Yeah, I haven't been there.
That's where the mountaineers are.
I do comedy shows.
We'll go to rural areas, but we're usually around where the colleges are, which tend to lean a little bit more liberal.
But when you get slightly out of town, you're in straight up red state, like real stuff.
And some of the coolest, nicest, funniest, happiest people you'll ever meet in the world.
Yeah, a lot of people that I, you know, I tried to, you know, exercise this thing of I have these, in my mind, educated beliefs and trying to be patient and listen.
And all you can hear on the other end is, they are shit out of luck right now.
Like, they don't have a lot to hold on to.
And that's all you can think about.
And you can't, and you don't, you can't then label it as, as stupid or ignorant.
It's just...
You also can't be like, oh, let's flood all of our passion into this ailing part of the country.
Because every black woman that's not listening to this podcast, because I have zero black women listeners.
Because I've already...
That's not true.
Oh, Brandon.
Let's show that footage of 13 black women watching dance harm.
Oh.
I thought, I thought you just came out as trans.
I just like, we have to like, we have to be like, okay, it was a terrible strategy for the Democrats to ignore what would be really uncharismatic, rightfully so, uncharismatic.
It would be a hard thing to be trying to get the Democratic vote and to be honest and practical if you were really also simultaneously, in addition to trying to get the Democratic vote, also trying to be honest and declare an agenda for change.
You're just shooting yourself in the foot, standing up behind any podium during that campaign and going, and let's not forget the beleaguered honky.
Oh, languishing from his Bruce Springsteen factory, somewhere out there, wishing for more whiteness.
Will he ever get what he deserves?
Like, that is a Republican.
That came to be a conservative thing.
I was like, oh, because those guys are fiscal conservatives, which means they'll never win democratically.
They have to attach that caboose to a train with an engine, which is a lot of people who are scared of gay people, scared of culture, scared of...
And it's like, those lines get drawn, then you have Democrats going, oh, so everyone that's working with a welding torch in their hand is a moron who hates gay people,
who's going to vote for George Bush, or is living in a district that's going to go red anyway, so fuck them.
And also, I'd lose 10 black votes, even bothering to throw one of those Joe the Plumber fucking aside during any visit to anything, because fuck that guy.
So what if, yeah, and it's like, this is why these lines, they have sucked us into a world wrestling franchise.
They have told us there are good guys and there are bad guys.
It doesn't really matter who. It's linked to all kinds of visceral stuff.
There's an iron chic, and that's got all kinds of symbolic value.
But we all know, we all celebrate on CNN and Fox News and in our living rooms, we all know that they don't actually represent those things.
We all know that Donald Trump, for instance, does not work as a janitor.
He does not weld anything. He's never successfully owned a business.
I don't mean to get fucking controversial, and he's rapey.
But we all know that he doesn't represent American value.
We all know that politicians put on the show. They're professional wrestlers. They're symbols.
We go like, oh, well, I don't expect Bill Clinton to say, I believe women are the future, and then go off and fondle them.
He's a politician. He has to wear that blazer. That comes with fondling women.
We make allowances for these performers because we accept that they're engaged in chicanery.
We accept that we're idiots. We sit there and we cheer for symbols.
We punish them for becoming real. We find photos of them smoking joints in college,
and if that's not culturally right at that time, then we go, caught you, you weren't Hulk Hogan, your name was Terry.
You can't be a wrestler anymore. You didn't come out of your mother's womb and grab a lion.
We know it's fake, and then we insist, and then we wonder why.
So we sit in this franchise, but then the mindblower is, when people who go to professional wrestling
and who get to fucking get some of their feelings out by yelling at red guy versus blue guy in a ring,
they get to leave that venue, get in their cars, go home, and decide how to watch television,
how to order popcorn. Do you order popcorn? Again, out of touch.
How to interact with, how to leave a comment under your favorite or least favorite thing.
The reality that we're living in when you, the metaphor I'm talking about is they won't,
they're never going to let us out. We have to leave the venue.
And it's not a physical venue, but they have it built around all of our lives.
We sleep and dream in it. Some people here tonight, I guarantee you, because that election was so volatile.
So it was such an event. There are people here tonight who are here with boyfriends or girlfriends
that are now their boyfriends or girlfriends because they broke up with someone on Tuesday.
I bet 20% of people here tonight have gotten in fights and ended relationships.
The people in the wrestling ring go into the back room and they do cocaine.
And they're nuts shrivel up and they write books and they don't sell and they're sad.
And then Mickey Rourke plays them in a movie and he even doesn't get an Oscar.
They don't even be mad at them. They're just clowns.
We just need to like, that's all I'm waking up to is like, holy shit man.
How do we get out of there? And you get out of there like the moment you go like, oh, it's not real.
It's not real. And I'm not saying don't vote. Vote for this crazy person right in your friend.
Turn the poll over. I don't know man.
I just like, like we got nothing but time now to go.
Okay, so that happened. That's like an ice pick that goes down the middle of this block and it's like fragmented.
And now it's all laid bare and there's chunks and all this shit.
Be very careful as we pick up each chunk or as we clean up all this stuff.
Are we going to do so under the religion that got us here?
Which is the religion of division, the religion of these demographics that we found out can't even predict polls.
If they were going to have any function, like they certainly never applied to who's going to give you a cup of sugar.
Like we knew that. That was what all our stories were about.
Oh, I thought that black guy was going to stab me according to CNN.
But then he helped me change my tire.
Or took my heart out of my chest.
Oh, god damn it.
The black people are stealing hearts now?
Or the horrible story where I thought that black guy was going to help me change my tire.
But he took my heart out of my chest.
I just don't want to hear a story where I got a job out of this shit.
I got sidetracked there because I got excited about a new thought about tachotomy.
But what have I learned since I saw you guys?
Nothing I ever think politically is going to happen.
None of my predictions ever come true.
We can't keep expressing ourselves about injustice that we're reading about on Facebook and the Walmarts.
And the guys snatching those headscarves off and saying, you should hang yourself with us.
It won't stop if we just, we should retweet it.
The retweet won't stop it.
It's part of the show you're talking about.
It's fun. Andy Kaufman knew that.
A boo is worth two laughs.
But that doesn't mean don't talk about it.
Don't go numb. I'm not telling you what to do.
I'm telling you what I'm telling myself to do.
Don't go numb. Stop being surprised.
Figure out what the fuck to do.
Communicate with each other.
Be honest about, like, if you perceive any division between you and another person that has nothing to do with what you know about them as an individual,
try just brave the lack of charisma that is.
Well, I think, is it possible that the way we're talking to each other right now has something to do with the fact that you're a barista and I'm a customer?
Because I don't fucking like, I didn't buy a ticket to that.
I just want my coffee, bitch.
No, sorry. Bad example.
Well, that came off the rails pretty fast.
Yeah, that wasn't, Dan, give us leadership. Tell us what to think. I'm failing.
Well, I'll butt in to say that this election was so bad that it killed Leonard Cohen.
Yes.
But happily, Prince and Bowie weren't around to see this shit, which is great.
They got out where the gutting was good. I love that.
There's a funny tweet I saw that somebody said, like, Leonard Cohen's in heaven with Prince and Bowie now jamming out.
But it's awful because their styles are so incompatible.
Well, Leonard Cohen said there's a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in.
So maybe this is a crack in that.
It goes like this.
That quote was tight as fuck.
I guess the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall.
The major lift.
The baffled king composing.
Well, that part's just like, what is that?
It's the hook.
We've been moving.
It's also the title of the song.
I know.
We've been moving up.
To the east side.
To a deluxe apartment in the sky.
When you get on Twitter.
I thought you could start doing a weird Gregorian chant there.
And someone tries to troll you by saying you're a piece of fucking shit.
Fuck you.
You shouldn't say that.
Tell them fuck you.
Because I don't think that they came there to connect with you.
I think they came there to do that.
And they should just get that back.
And you shouldn't also put a corkscrew in the pillow case and be like,
surprise motherfucker.
You should just be like, fuck you poop face.
Just say fuck you poop face.
Don't be afraid.
Don't make it your mission to prove that they can't hurt you.
Our enemy is going to be dishonesty moving forward.
That's what those guys who poked Camille in the chest.
How dishonest can you get?
When you need booze and a presence.
To walk up to somebody and say, I don't like your politics.
Everything those guys said was a lie.
They came up and said they're big fans.
And then wanted to harass them.
They breathe lies.
Everything they do is a lie.
They're in their own hell.
We're going to be fighting dishonesty.
Frankly, don't trust your friend just because they're spouting some shit
that suggests that they're liberal.
Actually have a conversation with them.
That's what friendship's about.
Just ask them.
Just find a Russian to go through your friend's emails and find out exactly.
And confess your own shit and say like, hey, we're best friends.
We've been pretty much resigned to the idea that we're liberal
and we hate racism and xenophobia is bad.
But you use the N word a lot when you're freestyling alone in your kitchen, right?
Yes, yes, I do.
Do you want my permission?
I can give you my permission.
Have that conversation with you.
Oh, really?
You can give out the permission?
No, I said get that permission from yourself or your friend.
You're a black friend, though.
You should get a friend.
No, your regime is over.
I just told you.
Don't you understand when I talk to you?
Sorry.
Brandon, Brandon, you're not content with eight years of black people ruling the world.
Yeah, how much more of this shit do we have to put up with?
We tried to help you.
Oh, with the health care, the health care.
As soon as these guys get in the White House, they're going to repeal.
Yeah, whoops.
Lizzie, I'm guessing you're a Hillary supporter, right?
Were you hardcore?
Were you like gung-mo?
Yeah, I mean hardcore with my community of friends and family.
What do you think the future for the next time a woman runs for president is?
I may be wrong when I say that I think our country is more sexist and racist in lots of ways.
We let freed black men vote before women.
God damn it.
There's both.
Misogyny is a huge thing here.
I don't know.
It's not my place to say it, but I feel that there was a huge anti-women thing going on in this whole thing.
We certainly will go kicking and screaming into letting a woman run our country.
It was definitely weird that the entire election came down to three perverts.
It was just a conversation about Trump grabbing pussy, Bill having this affair, and then Anthony Wiener showed up.
And it was just all about three men in power who was the worst or evil of sexually offending women.
I just thought that was so weird.
And that was two weeks before we voted.
It was just strange.
I grew up in LA. I'm from LA.
I feel very lucky with what I've been able to do.
I don't feel it as me.
I can't speak for other people.
I don't feel that.
I see racism more than I see sexism in my life.
I don't know what that means.
But I mean, with me, that's just my personal experience.
I'm sure every single person here has a thousand personal experiences.
It's hard because when those results came in, I was like, oh, because we sleep with them.
Wait, but don't they sleep with you too?
Well, that's the thing.
I mean, you're allowed to go, yeah, but I don't know.
It wasn't like, oh, I didn't know that.
They were also sleeping with me.
I'm talking about this irony that we always point to where we're like, man, yes.
We're so misogynist that we, in the list of amendments, when you look at the history of our Constitution,
the virus that is our country that we hope infects the planet and the universe,
because it's that or Putin, am I right?
It's sequence of DNA.
When you backtrack through it, because there's a paper trail,
we got woke about the idea that some people aren't animals before we decided women should participate in the election.
And we were married to them before that.
So that is the crazy thing to me, which also is an uplifting thing, because it further suggests,
yeah, these lines, they're so much deeper than you would ever, that you can't see the right ones when you focus on the ones you can see.
And people will use the ones you can see as a distraction from the ones you can't.
And it's like, we are eight billion strong, like we have come to this point where we are elbow to elbow competing for oxygen with each other,
which is supposed to be a crisis.
So some of us are all thinking about, I think, instinctively like rats, how do I get rid of the wrong ones?
How do I get some space?
How do I get the brown ones back out of here?
Maybe that gimmick worked when we were trying to build things, but they got to go.
Like, I need some space.
I think we're just reacting like insects or rats to the idea.
It's not even like we experience it regularly, where we're like, I can't get into this Starbucks overpopulation.
It's like, that's lunch hour.
It's like Starbucks needs to get its shit together.
I think that eight billion people going like this and being like, hi, how are you?
Hi, Dan Harmon, nice to meet you.
I remember you from the Marvel movie.
Oh, hey, how are you, Brady? Good to see you again.
That we're all rubbing up against each other.
That is an invitation to like go granular.
We keep looking at it as like, man, now more than ever, we really need to categorize ourselves.
There's so many people and we're so squished together.
We got to figure out, okay.
And now it's going to Europe.
And now, you know, France is probably, everyone's like scared of globalization.
Everyone's scared of the other.
Everyone's scared of anyone coming in.
And this is a repeat of the things leading up to more scary than World War II, World War I,
where isolationism, empty factories, economies in the toilet, everybody's starting to go,
I'm going to stack weapons.
You guys stacking weapons?
Everything starts internationally, fucking machismo, total cool, like a billiard table.
You guys going to stack weapons, stop doing trade?
Yeah, gotcha, man.
Like next game, and it's like fucking like tanks, bombs, things, and everybody's like,
World War I is scarier than World War II.
And that's like a lot of that shit's leading to now.
But, however, here's the thing.
America during World War II, because it was so historically wounded by World War I,
it was like, another one?
And that led to like this rugged, sad, lonely, angry, like kind of hunched over dude who was like,
look, Nazi schmatze, all I see is a bunch of boats and a bunch of guns.
You want some metal?
You want some oil?
Cash only.
I don't know, I'm not taking credit, because one of you might take over the world,
and the other one's not going to pay their bill.
And we were, at that moment in my opinion, just as a student of history, it's like,
I love that America.
I love that poor, wounded child that just wants to make money.
And profit off both sides of a huge genocidal catastrophe.
No, but that thought that those oceans meant something, that before it went on to invent,
those oceans not meeting anything, with all of its innovation, and all of its greed,
all of its self-indulgence.
We were a genius self-indulgent child locked in its bedroom, like so tired of the yelling,
and then getting roped into more of it, and then we go, at our puberty at World War II,
we go, well, what's in it for us?
Because we're tired of being, you know, like, we've had the right idea the whole time,
and you guys are just fucking around with this now, and we got dragged into this before.
So give me some money, give me some money, and then we jump in, and then we go to the thing,
and we go, all right, fuck you, Nazis, you're dead, you're dead, you're dead.
Let's get these filing cabinets out of here.
Whoa, this drawer came open.
Shit, these guys were nailing it.
Their overhead was zero, and their profit was a thousand percent, because they were Nazis.
Maybe we should bring this back overseas.
Everything went to shit.
That's a fucking Alex Jones tangent that I don't want to...
There is hope, there is hope.
We don't have to repeat history, we don't have to do it.
We are living in the exact circumstances.
There's like a little bit of World War I, there's a little bit of World War II, these things building up.
Yeah, and fascism is on the rise globally right now.
America has always been in these little stories, well, because we learned from American history books,
but we're the star.
We have a certain position.
I think Portugal is going to come back good and strong.
We might be the ones this time to say, I see more profit in war.
These bombs don't actually work, we were kidding.
I don't think that's going to happen.
I think if you draw a line from the beginning of empires to now, empires get big and they decline
and they die really ignominious deaths and someone else takes over.
And then there's fascism or totalitarianism.
But I think somebody that lived in a certain other time would say, look, we've all seen this before.
The dinosaurs come in, they eat the ostriches and then the ostriches turn into dinosaurs.
And it's like, well, yeah, but at a certain point something goes extinct.
Sir, I would like to see your math on that one.
Nope, it's a new age, sir.
You were saying the dinosaurs ate the ostriches and became ostriches?
Saying there's little details that can be different.
We might be able to be counted on as being the selfish ancient.
But they're not different, we're ancient Rome right now.
We're exactly the way that Spain fell.
Only when you pull so far back that you acknowledge that the pattern is that things get big and then they fart.
That's not brave to point out.
Can we stop talking about you for one second, Daniel?
It seems like the difference in this case is that we can get together.
It's not as easy to say, oh, look, America is showing all the signs of a big global empire that's about to blow.
It doesn't have to just be resigned to.
Certainly not, but I don't think any empire ever thought they were resigning to a fate.
I think they always thought that that was going to last a thousand years or 10,000 years.
I draw a circle around your circle.
I'm just saying, like, every time...
I draw a triangle inside my circle.
People keep trying to learn from history and not learn from history.
We don't even know...
The empires that we're describing, we're adjusting for inflation and going,
well, it's been 300 years for America.
Maybe we're supposed to become a planet by now, and it's supposed to be the planet that burns up into a cinder.
Because that was a shitty empire, and it turns out the bees were writing the history books.
And then they just have one picture and it's just Michael Jackson.
That's our whole species.
They're like...
The book isn't even a book.
It's just like a series of things that emulate a thorax wiggle.
But when you read it, it's like an image.
It's the essence of Michael Jackson's pheromones.
And only Jodie Foster can translate it.
But she's gone.
Because we didn't believe in ourselves.
Which is what I think we need to do.
Jodie Foster's dead.
We're all dead. It's just the bees now.
You don't even have to be an optimist to start trying to organize your little corner of the world for the right.
Because if you're a pessimist, follow that all the way through.
Oh yeah, the world's fucked.
It's the wild west.
Any minute now, I might turn out to be a robot.
A guy I'll find out when I get a bullet in my head.
Therefore, obviously, then don't die a douche.
Go down swinging if a Nazi is going to kill you.
I'm learning how to wrap barbed wire around a two by four.
And later, I'm going to learn how to lift it.
But I'm hoping that when they get there, I'm going to go,
Guys, look. Look what I can do.
You guys got barbed wire?
You got Nazi work to do?
I'm your man. They call me Barbie, Barbie Tuba.
Show me to your ammo dump.
Let me show you what I can do when I got some real resources.
And then I get in there and I go full fucking homeland.
How do you connect?
When you find, I'm assuming you just scrounged your barbed wire and your two by four.
How do you connect the barbed wire onto the end of the two by four?
The teeth sink into the wood as you wrap it around.
You just have to wear really thick gloves.
The trick isn't to figure out how to attach barbed wire to wood.
Barbed wire is effective because it'll go through anything you hand it.
That's why you need to work with baseball gloves.
All of it's available from Amazon.
I'm not here to do like an anarchist cookbook.
You're going to find a couple of baseball gloves.
Everything that you guys need to know about my political police as of this election
can be heard in the Mike and the Mechanic song Silent Running.
Go home and listen to it.
Pledge allegiance to the flag, whatever flag they offer.
Good song. Good song.
Go back to Blondie.
Just guys, really guys.
Did you really, did you know her?
I think we just got a guy back that likes Blondie a lot.
Yeah.
Your Blondie is attention.
And these people have been, they have Blondies.
All right, my Blondie is being a handicapped person that have been a big joke tonight.
But I guess, I guess, I guess walks a lot can talk for all he wants.
Dan, I met a friend here, his name is Sylvon.
He's from Paris, met him today.
He reminded me that today is the one, today is the one year anniversary of the Paris attacks.
And he's traveling the states by himself right now cruising around.
And he couldn't have picked a more fun week to be.
Well, also you're worried in, is it in France?
There's like white, not white, there's like racial nationalism like popping up all over the globe, right?
Marine Le Pen.
Is it in France?
Here, grab a microphone.
Because all of us in America are going, France is fancy.
They never go Nazi.
That's how young we are.
No, things are getting weirder since the last year.
I don't know if there are more races, but there are more ways for them to express their racism, I guess.
And we have an election in one year.
So politicians are being politicians, I guess.
But yeah, so it's getting pretty weird.
And I guess with this election, we feel, I mean, from the social media today, like, I guess, yeah.
We weren't expecting that result from the US.
And then it's kind of scare everybody because everybody is like, hey, we shouldn't like do that next year.
But it's getting, maybe, I don't think we're going to elect somebody that is as maybe obviously racist than yours.
But it would be the same, like, maybe we have different codes so you cannot say the same things.
But it doesn't mean that the people don't really think the same.
So, and it's, yeah, I think it's pretty much the same.
Like in Paris, you don't, I guess, feel it as much as in LA or San Francisco or like New York.
But then you're, yeah, you have to have this big of an event to realize what's going on.
That we're living in this world, like, I don't know how old you are, but all of us really, I'm always talking about, oh, you're 25 and 45.
Like, all of us can be grouped into one group of people who, all of the kind of shit that we're thinking about right now,
all of us thought of it as something from history books.
Like, we all watched, we all looked at pictures of it.
And there's something a little exciting about that for mostly straight white dudes who love sliders.
Which is because it's like, we're, oh, we're a sliders.
Anyway, thank you, thank you, Frenchie. That was nice.
Frenchie!
Thank you, Siobhan.
I hope that your experience with America that you're traveling on this trip has been a positive one and not a horribly depressing one.
There's one guy, I know it's 10 o'clock.
There's one guy, scared to not bring him up, because like, I've seen his tweets, he's like calling out.
Is it you?
I don't know.
I don't, it wasn't, but it is now.
Hey, BJ, how are you?
But BJ, how's it going?
It's BJ Abril.
Wow, BJ, wearing a silver Mylar space suit.
Okay, well, I mean, is there, is there a soundbite that goes with it, or could it just be a photo app?
I'm from the future.
Okay, do you have anything to tell us from the future?
You can use, don't use my mic, I need control.
Yeah, everything's great.
Okay, all right.
All right, BJ, thanks for coming up.
All right.
Thank you.
It is interesting.
He was always very seven years old.
That was the most man camel toe I've ever seen.
Here's the guy.
You ever only seen camel toe until this BJ silver camel toe?
I don't want to rule out anybody that says this right now, because I don't have the solutions.
There was a kid guy who was tweeting me, all people are kids to me, 43.
What, you had a human party, you wanted to start a political party, where are you?
What's, no?
Are you here?
You didn't even come to the show.
Okay.
Oh, is that a rent that's too high?
Not exactly George Washington.
I guess we don't have to follow him.
I thought I saw some tweets from him, like several, it was like, I'm starting a human party.
I'll come to the show.
I'll talk about it.
And I'm like, all right, well, you know, he'll probably be a drag.
But then I was like, I was feeling, I was like, let's bring him up.
He's been so quiet.
He didn't come.
I say that a human party won't come unless you respond to their tweets.
Yeah.
And that's why humans need to be forgiven for being shitty.
I say we re-invoke the babes, the funky music, and we maybe sing our way out of this thing.
Yeah, of course.
Well, we're not going to vote our way out of a show.
Don't vote boo.
I hope that's not the message you.
I don't know what message you should have gotten.
We got kind of a funky Leonard Cohen rap going on here right now.
Yo.
Yeah.
Well, actually, you know, why rap?
Same.
Sunshine comes before nighttime.
Or is it the other way around?
When the time goes round, does day come before night?
Or does night come before day?
Our funky mama on a beach.
Yeah.
Lizzie, you want to take a pic?
Nope.
She's got it.
You got this?
Yo.
Take it, baby.
I figured I'd give it to you.
No, take it.
Are you sure you don't want to hold it for just a second?
Yo.
Sunshine, brightly.
I do.
This show nightly.
I almost mess up.
I pass it to you.
Jeff Davis, what you going to do?
I'll go.
I'll go as free as I can be.
I don't like a dude who's better dressed than me.
Sunshine.
But yo, it's time for all of us to put our best suit on.
Be the best purple you could be.
Recruitant people looking better than you.
Put a suit on.
Yo, navy blue is where to go.
Sunshine.
Where do I begin?
And my man is over there.
No wrinkle on your linen.
How do you wear a linen suit and get no wrinkles on it?
Yo, I got a bee in my bonnet.
Nicely done.
Yeah.
Sunshine comes before night time.
Or is it the other way around?
All the time goes around.
When sunshine comes before night time, it's the refrain.
Yo, my name is Mr. Bitch.
On my shoulder.
I don't belong here.
No.
I'm making a sacrificial gesture to not be involved because my energy is toxic.
My name is Mr. Bitch.
How do you parse that with this situation?
Of course, the nation.
We just had a Nazi election nation.
You don't need Mr. Bitch to talk.
I should go away.
Sunshine.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
Let's hear from Brandon Johnson.
Elizabeth Olson.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Also, the groovy undertones and overtones of the babes, babes, everybody.
Well, stick with us because nothing can happen in a week that we can't solve here.
We'll figure it out.
We're converting our podcast to a solutions-based podcast.
All right.
Let's hear from your mayor, Dan Harmon.
Drive fast and take chances, everybody.
You get any of that?
It's a good show.